Docs/ Fixed inconsistent info about Set Account Detail Command (#293)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/develop/api/commands.rst

Validation
^^^^^^^^^^

Three cases:

>     Case 1. When transaction creator wants to set account detail to other person's account and he or she has permission `can_set_detail <../permissions.html#can-set-detail>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Case 1. When transaction creator wants to set account detail to other person's account and creator has permission `can_set_detail <../permissions.html#can-set-detail>`_.
```

>     Case 2. `can_set_my_account_detail <../permissions.html#can-set-my-account-detail>`_ was granted to transaction creator in order to allow them to set account details of the original account holder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Case 2. `can_set_my_account_detail <../permissions.html#can-set-my-account-detail>`_ was granted to transaction creator in order to allow them to set account details of the target account.
```
